Hello and welcome to this video in this video over again and talk about uploading WordPress website
to the live server.
The first thing you need is the server where you want to upload your website.
There are a lot of hosting services that you can use but mostly used service.
Is this host data unique to buy the service you can get started.
No it is not that expensive.
Is just not that costly.
You can definitely afford it.
Now there are three kind of plans hatchling baby and business.
If you are going to have a lot of demands and you are doing some business of web development and you
are giving me and other people then you can do business.
But for now for your own blog I'd recommend you to use hatchling because you don't need unlimited domains
you'd need only one domain where you want to set up your blog if you want to use if you want to have
a lot of demand.
Then you can use a limited domain and you can add as many demands as you want.
For now Jews had to plan and see what we have.
OK here you have two options.
Just try to be an oddity on this demand.
You have already signed up for them in somewhere else and you are just hosting.
Then you can use this.
I already own this domain.
OK.
And if you don't have a domain you can check.
You can write the domain here and check if available.
Ok whatever it is you want dot com or you dot net whatever.
And then here's our plan fitting Beckett's Diab hatchling billing cycle.
These are the billing cycle.
If you want Arment if you want to pay per month or every month then you can use one month.
If you are three months three months do whatever you want to use that name unique use of name to the
security pin.
OK.
Feel all of these information.
Your first name your city your state your payment method and paid them.
OK.
And after that you get your hosting and your domain ready.
And then what you need to do.
You will get your username and password where you read it.
Sign Sign in to your see below.
OK.
I've already done all of these.
I have already a domain so I will do that better to show you what you'd need to upload what to upload
your best website what you need to do to upload your Wordpress uptake.
So I'm going to close this.
This is my sleep and I am logged into my sleep.
And now.
Know do upload this website.
What do you do here.
You have a lot of options you see here most of the people what they do they go to different testicle
blocks and then they use what best.
But a lot of times what you see you you see of what breasts sign on the main page and then directly
you can install your breast.
Let me see if we have that sign and then we'll use that to uproot outward sign of at best website at
Massif.
We have that.
No we don't have that.
OK.
We will use this from best to go Delux.
I'm going to click on it.
Most of the time you already have that right up there.
OK.
All right.
You know a lot my little bit because I'm already using this.
OK.
I have already set up my best upset.
I'm just going to show you how you can set up OK but on from here.
There are a lot of Magsman system you can see lot of content management system that you can see here
but there is no breast in this because I have already used it on my blog.
So what you will see will the very best right in this content management systems and what you need to
do is click on that link and then you will go to the end of the page.
You will need to write your site name like we did when you set up the were based on a local host and
your site.
All of the information they want to enter Are they want you to enter.
Right.
All of those information's in there and click NEXT NEXT NEXT NEXT.
OK.
And then you ever precedent be set.
You are done.
OK.
Her breast is done.
Then what you will need to do.
You will need to do the same things that we did in the first few videos.
OK.
You will upload your A team like we did in the first first or second or fifth and the fourth or fifth
video game of yours that he Fatema you know see him from Internet and create your database and all the
cool stuff that we did in the first section of discourse.
Okay.
And then you'll be good to go with your best.
I will show you everything the localhost.
No.
I'm already set up my blog so I'm not able to show you that how we can do it but you can do on your
own.
You can see we get the press here.
OK.
We're here already.
But I don't see in a system for the blogs that are three.
This one this one and this one can work best.
Like I said I have already installed.
I am not able to install all of this error but you will be able to install it.
OK install these and you'll be good to go.
If you've any problem any problem setting up the word best just contact me and I promise I will help
you out.
However I can even if you want me to go on Skype with you I will use that.
OK.
So just gonna get me one.
When you face a problem.
And I'll be there to help you.
So I think you guys are watching this video and upload your blog to you do your life server and in the
next video.
I will show you that how you can optimize your skills or monetize your skills to make some money out
of it.
OK.
So you guys are watching this video.
See you in the next video.